
Overview of Understanding document topics/areas:


Editing instructions
	Form of item display
		Numerical values are separated by commas, monetary values by a circle, dates by ‘YYYY/MM/DD’, etc.
	Codes/numbers
		A system defined by the business or other.

Item specification
	Specification of the item alone.
		Number of digits or range
Item-to-item specification	
	Specification for multiple items.
		Greater or lesser relationship between items,
		Required (dependent), exclusive. The presence or absence or content of one item affects the input of other items.
	Data consistency/existence specifications
		Existence or non-existence of a master
		Consistency with other entities

Status.
	State of the data
		Consistency of data lifecycle and functionality
		For example, approved data is not displayed in the list of approved applications, etc.


Operational specifications
	Specifications prescribed in the course of business.
	For example,
		The basic rule is that invoicing shall be at the end of the month of shipment and payment at the end of the following month.
		If there are special reasons, invoicing at the end of the following month is allowed and payment is made at the end of the following two months.
		In this case, the reason must be entered. etc.


Authority
	Authorisations according to user attributes (examples below)
		Person in charge: can view and update their own data.
		Managers: can view and update their own data and that of their subordinates.
		Assistant: can view the data of the person in charge
		

Behaviour
	Next screen transition
	Session processing, etc. as required


Non-functional requirements
	Performance aspects need to be considered, as there is only so much that can be done on a stand-alone level.
	Having said that, tuning of important or heavy functions in subsequent processes is tricky,
	It is necessary to think carefully about how to proceed in order to set a goal.
	To avoid damage at the rewrite level, it is better to use code reviews.


Exceptions
	Dealing with logical errors
		Message output
		Log output
		*: Log output is also specified in the architectural design, etc. and applies to anomalies.


Anomaly
	Response to physical errors
	*: Basically specified in architectural design, etc.

*: Data integrity, status and authorisation are also a point of view when actually conducting integration tests with the relevant functions.
*: Anomalies are also an item in ST, etc.